Day 1: Made function to take full image screenshot of the location.
        worked on a way to verify if guess was correct or not with OCR.

Day 2: didnt have much time but finished way to confime the corrcet county for the location.
        also started to create reward functions:
        made function to check if guess was in correct continent as well as to check if correct county is boarding guess

Day 3: Started to work on funciton for AI to put in guess. This is gonna take a while-

Day 4:Finished function for AI to put in its guess. Just collected the exact cords that each contry appeared on the screen

Day 5: Spent the day testing all of the funcitons I made to make sure there will be no problems down the road.
        Also research ways to make the model and decided to start building it in tensorflow.
        I soon ran into problems with Cuda compatibilty so decited to scrap it and start using Pytorch instead

Day 6: Wrote code for the RL model in Pytorch taking insparation from one of my previos problems and spent some time relearnig the framework a little.
        Ran into some issues with the dimentions of the weights of the models in my torchModle.py file.
        Spent around 30 minutes debugging and finaly realising that I misscalculated the final dimentions of the image.
        After that I tested the script and imeditly ran into an issue of the model tring to evalute the prediciton before the model even guesss the country
        Will try to make checkmarks to make sure the function is fully compleated before running the rest of the script.

Day 7: 
        Fixed issue of one funciton running before I wanted it with some simple time.weights.
        Debugged some more errors around how the script gusses.
        Debugged some errors with the backpropagation- I overused with torch.no_grad()
        Able to get the entire script working so will run it overnight training it on 3,000 locations may be too small but we will see 
        A few guess into the training it seems to have broke down and I will fix it tmr.

Day 8: 
        I discovered that if the game broke I forgot to have a check that will press play again to get a new location.
        The biggest error was that if the name of the country was move than one word like "new zealand" it was unable to get the name.
        This second error eneded up being very hard to solve and I was unable to solve it today will try again tommarow. 
        During this I also found that I was missing a few countrys in my countrys list so had to go back and update that in all of the places

Day 9:
        Starting working on the errors I identifed in Day 8.
        Finished that function after 2 hours as I had to rewrite the whole fuction a completey diffrent way
        Ran through 100 interations of the training and made a few tweaks to the error handling but overall it worked quite well
        Made a testing function so that I could import the trained modle and use it to make a gusse on locations.
        Made some final touches on the script.
        trained for an hour or two but stoped as it was only gusseing one country and no longer learing. 
        Will update this algo tmr so that it using a diffrent function to promote learing at the start of the trainig.

Day 10:
        When testing my algoritham I realized that it was just gussing India every single time.
        This is probibly due to the lack of trainig data and huge complexity of the task.
        Becaues I do not have the time and resorces to train a huge amount of data I will instead fine tune a pre made model
        Spent the rest of my time today reading up on diffrent pre-trained models as well as how to implement them.

Day 11:
        Chose to use the CLIP(Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training) pretrained model and fintune it to this case.
        Worked on how to process the image so that it will be able to be used by the model as well.
        Becaues CLIP is mostly used to compare large amounts of photos in a data set I learn that I will have to manuly add a finall layer to the Clip model so that I can train it.
        
Day 12:
        I spent the beinging of today finishing the implemtaiton of the CLIP pretrained model.
        I then started to train it but I was still running into the same problem where the model would only gusse 1 contry the whole time
        To combat this I looked into diffent reward systems and loss algorithams
        I learned about using a baseline with the reward to increase more stabilty in the algoritham ie dosent converge to one country
        Also worked on making a function that calucates the distance based on pixels from the country I gussed and the correct country so that I can use this for a better reward function.
        
Day 13:
        Finished the distance function and starting traing.
        i still ran into the same issue of only gussing the same country every time and then I finaly remebered that I need to allow for exploration at the very start.
        To do this I implemented a tempature system so that there is a lot of exploration at the start so it will be able to learn.
        I started traing again but then I ran into an issue of not being able to use my geogussr account any more, I think i got blocked

Day 14:
        Because I can no longer train on geogussr I am going to try to obtain a premade data set of street view photos and the contry they where taking in.
        I spent the rest of the day dowloading the dataset and implementing it
        I decided to train the model overnight with 1/4th an epoch which is expected to take about 10 hours.

Day 15: 
        I came back and the training seem to work now I will test it with real locations
        After some testing i can say it's working perfecitly and preforming way better than I thought it would.

Day 16:
        I did some more testing and even did a 1v1 agaist my model to collect some data on how it prefromes in geogussr
        For the 1v1 me and the bot where both given 100 still images and whoever could gusse the most correct countrys outta the 100 would win.
        After the first 1v1 Brady: 37, geoBot: 31
        Very close scroe but to acheve my goal I will train it again tonight with 1/2 epoch(about 20 hours) to hopfully impove and beat me tommorow.

Day 17: 

        After the 20 hours of traning I tested the model and it beat my score!
